Clarify how batching inputs works. (#345)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

### Proof Generation

Generating a proof is done with the `GenerateProof` function, defined below.
Given elements A and B, two non-empty lists of elements C and D of length
`m`, and a scalar k; this function produces a proof that `k*A == B`
and `k*C[i] == D[i]` for each element in the list.
The output is a value of type Proof, which is a tuple of two Scalar
values.

> `GenerateProof` admits lists of inputs to further support parallel invocations
> of the OPRF protocol while amortizing the cost of proof generation and
> bandwidth across multiple requests.
> Thus, applications can take advantage of this functionality by invoking the
> protocol on batches of inputs to produce a single, constant-sized proof
> for `m` DLEQ inputs, rather than one proof per DLEQ input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GenerateProof` accepts lists of inputs to amortize the cost of proof
generation. Applications can take advantage of this functionality to
produce a single, constant-sized proof for `m` DLEQ inputs, rather 
than `m` proofs for `m` DLEQ inputs.
```

def Evaluate(blindedElement):
  evaluatedElement = skS * blindedElement

>   C = [ blindedElement ]
>   D = [ evaluatedElement ]
>   proof = GenerateProof(skS, G.Generator(), pkS, C, D)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  blindedElements = [blindedElement]     // list of length 1
  evaluatedElements = [evaluatedElement] // list of length 1
  proof = GenerateProof(skS, G.Generator(), pkS, 
                        blindedElements, blindedElements)
```

  return evaluatedElement, proof
~~~

> In the descripton above, C and D are passsed to `GenerateProof` as one-item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the description above, inputs to `GenerateProof` are one-item
```

Errors: VerifyError

def Finalize(input, blind, evaluatedElement, blindedElement, proof):

>   C = [ blindedElement ]
>   D = [ evaluatedElement ]
>   if VerifyProof(G.Generator(), pkS, C, D, proof) == false:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  blindedElements = [blindedElement]     // list of length 1
  evaluatedElements = [evaluatedElement] // list of length 1
  if VerifyProof(G.Generator(), pkS, blindedElements, 
                 evaluatedElements, proof) == false:
```

  return Hash(hashInput)
~~~

> Like in `Evaluate`, C and D are passsed to `VerifyProof` as one-item lists.
> Clients can verify multiple inputs at once whenever the server produced a
> batched DLEQ proof for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in `Evaluate`, inputs to `VerifyProof` are one-item lists. Clients can verify
multiple inputs at once whenever the server produced a batched DLEQ proof
for them.
```

  evaluatedElement = G.ScalarInverse(t) * blindedElement

  tweakedKey = G.ScalarBaseMult(t)

>   C = [ evaluatedElement ]
>   D = [ blindedElement ]
>   proof = GenerateProof(t, G.Generator(), tweakedKey, C, D)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  evaluatedElements = [evaluatedElement] // list of length 1
  blindedElements = [blindedElement]     // list of length 1
  proof = GenerateProof(t, G.Generator(), tweakedKey, 
                        evaluatedElements, blindedElements)
```

  return evaluatedElement, proof
~~~

> In the descripton above, C and D are passsed to `GenerateProof` as one-item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the description above, inputs to `GenerateProof` as one-item
```

def Finalize(input, blind, evaluatedElement, blindedElement,
             proof, info, tweakedKey):

>   C = [ evaluatedElement ]
>   D = [ blindedElement ]
>   if VerifyProof(G.Generator(), tweakedKey, C, D, proof) == false:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  evaluatedElements = [evaluatedElement] // list of length 1
  blindedElements = [blindedElement]     // list of length 1
  if VerifyProof(G.Generator(), tweakedKey, evaluatedElements, 
                 blindedElements, proof) == false:
```

  return Hash(hashInput)
~~~

> Like in `Evaluate`, C and D are passsed to `VerifyProof` as one-item lists.
> Clients can verify multiple inputs at once whenever the server produced a
> batched DLEQ proof for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in `Evaluate`, inputs to `VerifyProof` are one-item lists.
Clients can verify multiple inputs at once whenever the server produced a
batched DLEQ proof for them.
```
